{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww50520\viewh26700\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Prerequisite:\
\
VCSA Installed\
Folder structure built out\
Domain Controller built and VCSA joined to the domain \
\
PowerCLI installed, or PowerShell w/ PowerCLI package installed\
\
How to Use:\
\
Open PowerCLI or PowerShell and navigate to folder containing the scripts\
\
Run permScript.ps1.    # ./permScript.ps1\
Enter vCenter IP address \
Enter the Domain\
Enter the numeric site code. \
Enter local administrator account. E.g administrator@vsphere.local\
Enter directory of the script folder.  Most likely is \'91.\\\'92\
Enter the Datacenter name, as listed in vCenter\
\
\
IMPORTANT:\
\
This script will not apply global permissions.  The following will need to be entered by hand.  \
\
In vCenter > Menu > Administration > Global Permissions > Add\
\
Group:                          			Role Assigned:\
\
Example Group 1			Administrator\
Example Group 2			Read Only\
Example Group 3			Read Only\
\
\
INTIAL SETUP: \
\
To generate the XML file containing the permissions, hand-jam this once via vCenter and export it.  Can be done via the GUI.   The actual mapping of roles to AD users is also a fairly dumb/hard coded PS script.  Meant to go back and improve this, but\'85 A temp fix is only temp if it works. }